readme.md, before:

# Pair-A-Palooza

Pair-A-Palooza is an experience created by Kara Carrell, as a way to scope a block of time to pair with as many colleagues as possible during their apprenticeship. 

Using Get-Zine-To-Know-You with Pair-A-Palooza, Kara created a zine to accompany the event, and a process for introducing it with a work group.

[PearConf 2019 Talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGTtAFdgX-w)

[Presentation Slides](https://kara.codes/pair-a-palooza-presentation.pdf)

[speaker notes](https://github.com/KaraAJC/pair-a-palooza/blob/latest/pair-a-palooza-presentation.md)

## Goals

1) Develop some self awareness
2) Foster communications in teams
3) Excerise your creative side
4) Curate an environment for positive pairing experiences

## Getting Started

|*Event*                              |*Zine*                                 |
|:------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------|
| _1:_ Set a time for event               | _1:_ Distribute Zine Template(s)|
| _2:_ Scope purpose & topics for pairing | _2:_ Get Folks to fill zine out|
| _3:_ Set appointment slots              | _3:_ Make space for zines to live|
| _4:_ Announce pair-a-palooza            | _4:_ Set expectations for reading zines|
| _5:_ Pair-and-appreciate                | _5:_ Learn from feedback & observations       |

## [The Event](https://github.com/KaraAJC/getzinetoknowyou/blob/latest/Pair-a-palooza-event-instructions.md)

## [The Intro](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lUuDxEE2dXOGZYTU_2d1k0Baoo06iGyPEFIAuwuvZOo/edit?usp=sharing)

This is a [Lunch & Learn presentation on Zines](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lUuDxEE2dXOGZYTU_2d1k0Baoo06iGyPEFIAuwuvZOo/edit?usp=sharing) I ran at TableXI that inspired the pair-a-palooza zine

## [The Zine](https://github.com/KaraAJC/getzinetoknowyou/blob/latest/Pair-a-palooza-zine-instructions.md)
  [printable version](https://github.com/KaraAJC/getzinetoknowyou/blob/latest/Pair-A-Palooza%20zine%20printable%20template.pdf)
  
  [Digital Version(Make a copy!)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wRCDAAFIvmS26A9MBxGSS2KBM3GYZCKBMudyJ3Zw1vA/edit?usp=sharing)

## Inspiration

Get-Zine to Know You is a workshop developed by Kal Keckler, for the purpose of team building and self reflection. It was born out of the alumnx project at Write/Speak/Code 2017 as a cross between Amy Wibowo's (@sailorhg) "Writing a Technical Zine" workshop and Allison McMillian's (@allie_p) "You Better Work...Shop" workshop. 

## Acknowledgments

* Kal Keckler, creator of Get-Zine-To-Know-You (@kamxhmartin)
* Amy Wibowo, Head of BubbleSortZines, and Author of a Zine for Writing Technical Zines (@sailorhg)

Commit message:

add checklist to pair-a-palooza

readme.md, after:

# Pair-A-Palooza

Pair-A-Palooza is an experience created by Kara Carrell, as a way to scope a block of time to pair with as many colleagues as possible during their apprenticeship. 

Using Get-Zine-To-Know-You with Pair-A-Palooza, Kara created a zine to accompany the event, and a process for introducing it with a work group.

[PearConf 2019 Talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGTtAFdgX-w)

[Presentation Slides](https://kara.codes/pair-a-palooza-presentation.pdf)

[speaker notes](https://github.com/KaraAJC/pair-a-palooza/blob/latest/pair-a-palooza-presentation.md)

## Goals

1) Develop some self awareness
2) Foster communications in teams
3) Excerise your creative side
4) Curate an environment for positive pairing experiences

## Getting Started

|*Event*                              |*Zine*                                 |
|:------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------|
| _1:_ Set a time for event               | _1:_ Distribute Zine Template(s)|
| _2:_ Scope purpose & topics for pairing | _2:_ Get Folks to fill zine out|
| _3:_ Set appointment slots              | _3:_ Make space for zines to live|
| _4:_ Announce pair-a-palooza            | _4:_ Set expectations for reading zines|
| _5:_ Pair-and-appreciate                | _5:_ Learn from feedback & observations       |

## [The Event](https://github.com/KaraAJC/getzinetoknowyou/blob/latest/Pair-a-palooza-event-instructions.md)

## [The Intro](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lUuDxEE2dXOGZYTU_2d1k0Baoo06iGyPEFIAuwuvZOo/edit?usp=sharing)

This is a [Lunch & Learn presentation on Zines](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lUuDxEE2dXOGZYTU_2d1k0Baoo06iGyPEFIAuwuvZOo/edit?usp=sharing) I ran at TableXI that inspired the pair-a-palooza zine

## [The Zine](https://github.com/KaraAJC/getzinetoknowyou/blob/latest/Pair-a-palooza-zine-instructions.md)
  [printable version](https://github.com/KaraAJC/getzinetoknowyou/blob/latest/Pair-A-Palooza%20zine%20printable%20template.pdf)
  
  [Digital Version(Make a copy!)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wRCDAAFIvmS26A9MBxGSS2KBM3GYZCKBMudyJ3Zw1vA/edit?usp=sharing)

## [The Checklist](https://bit.ly/pairing-checklist)
This is the pre-PAIR-ation Checklist, that takes you through all the steps you should take for your pairing experience!

## Inspiration

Get-Zine to Know You is a workshop developed by Kal Keckler, for the purpose of team building and self reflection. It was born out of the alumnx project at Write/Speak/Code 2017 as a cross between Amy Wibowo's (@sailorhg) "Writing a Technical Zine" workshop and Allison McMillian's (@allie_p) "You Better Work...Shop" workshop. 

## Acknowledgments

* Kal Keckler, creator of Get-Zine-To-Know-You (@kamxhmartin)
* Amy Wibowo, Head of BubbleSortZines, and Author of a Zine for Writing Technical Zines (@sailorhg)
